DOCSP-28561: update rust connection snippets with stable api (#861)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/rust.txt

      different runtime, see
      `Configuring the async runtime <https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-rust-driver#configuring-the-async-runtime>`__.

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/connection-snippets/scram/rust-connection-async.rs
         :language: rust

   .. tab:: Sync
      :tabid: rust-sync

      Make sure you enabled the sync API. See
      `Enabling the sync API <https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-rust-driver#enabling-the-sync-api>`__
      for more details.

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/connection-snippets/scram/rust-connection-sync.rs
         :language: rust
      
This connection snippet uses the {+stable-api+} feature which you can use when
connecting to MongoDB Server v5.0 and later and the Rust driver v2.0 and 

> later.

Author: it's not capitalized anywhere else on the page. And doesn't look like there are source constants for the driver names in ecosystem.

When you use this feature, you can update your driver or server without 
worrying about backward compatibility issues with any commands covered by the

> {+stable-api+}.

Author: There's not really rust specific content for this afaik, but I can link to the manual

> .. include:: /includes/stable-api-notice.rst

Author: fixed

.. _connect-atlas-no-stable-api-php-driver:

Connect to MongoDB Atlas Without the Stable API
-----------------------------------------------

> If you are using a version of MongoDB or the driver that doesn't support the
> {+stable-api+}, you can use the connection snippets in the following

Reviewer: S: Some specifics might be helpful here if the user didn't carefully read the earlier parts of the page

```suggestion
If you're using a version of the Rust Driver before 2.0 or a version of MongoDB Server before 5.0, you can use the connection snippets in the following
```

(or something similar to this)

Author: IMO, phrasing it this way requires the user to infer that these versions don't support the Stable API feature, which I think is more confusing than the current phrasing.
